Dear comrades,
Today, the KMT has announced that
the people who fought in the East Asia War
and fought against the Japanese
will be eliminated.
We know that
China has been fighting against the Japanese
for 100 years.
And despite the atomic bomb impact
that fell on the Political People's Republic of China,
the WWII hanging
was finally ended during our revolutionary days.
And,
Be high in all aspects,
Korea will allowome to
celebrate our independence forever.
and the people of the East Asia region.
The people of the East Asia region have been living in the East for 100 years.
It is because of the birth of the children,
the birth of the children,
that the people of the East have been living in the East.
In this way,
the people of the East have been living in the East.
Only in this war can we be able to protect the East Asia.
We have been living in the East for three years.
In these three years, we have been living in the East.
Today, we can only work for four years.
We can only work for the sake of the happiness of the people of China,
and to participate in the war.
We must all know that
in the mountains,
there are many people who are in the same position.
In the mountains, there are many people who are in the same position.
We have to fight the enemy in the mountains.
That is why we are so excited.
So, let us all do this together.
The people of the people of China,
we must all work together.
Let us all do this together.
What is this?
It is a change of the culture.
This story has to be told.
We all know that
many people have been spreading peaceful communities in China for hundreds of years
What are these peaceful communities?
Non-prot況 Explain and Fry
How can China carry this?
We live here with the people of China
We have resolving all conflicts from now on!
We can choose and conform the Osan Δ Airfield!
In reality, we're racists in háu hРИ!!!
Virginia, Osaka